Props- passing argument to a function.
Props- a javascript object


config driven ui- driven by data, controlling UI 

using data, config(data is config)

Why key used in map:-
Components need to have unique id. Suppose a new resturant came in DOM need to insert a new resturant. Without ID React wudnt know which card is new, so all resturant would get re-rendered. With ID it excatly knows which need to be rerendered... So we need to identify all the new items..

React says dont use index as keys. As index can change. Need to have a unique id.  

-Two types of Export/Import

-Export default component
import component from "path";

-Named Export/Import
export const Component;
import {Component} from "path";

Hooks- javascript utility function given by React.
useState()- Superpowerful , useEffect()

Component re-renders when the state variable gets updated.

Reconciliation algo-
React fiber
On UI-> 

Suppose 7 cards on UI(Virtual DOM(a large object)- Representation of actual DOM)-> Filter applied and 3 cards left->

Diff algo(React16)- finds the diff betn two DOMs (virtual & actual)
React fiber - ongoing implementation
Incremental rendering


Monolith- huge big project, Apis, UI, DB, all in the same project

Microservices- differents ervice for different purpose
Diff services for diff purpose, seperation of responsibility
SRP- single responsibility principle

Bosy gets rendered and then useEffect gets called

Shimmer UI- showing fake page untill real page is revealed.

Whenever state variable updates, React triggers  a reconciliation cycle.

React is fast bcz of Reconciliation process, React fiber.

useEffect called everytime the component is rendered without depedency array. If something is provided in the array then once the value of array changes it render happens

createBrowserRouter is recommended.

Don't use href tag in React as navigation causes re-loading.

Link- Under React-Router-DOM. Prevents multiple page refreshes.

Browser is not re-loaded. Single page application

  #-------------------Routing-----------------------
  1) Client side routing- All the components are already loaded the app and we are not making any network call.
  2) Server side routing- When the network call is coming from server is server side routing.

  